=head1 MojoMojo Preferences

MojoMojo has a number of preferences that can be set in "Site settings"
(C</.admin>). If values are not set in the database, they are read from
F<mojomojo.conf>, or default values are used.

=head2 admins

Login names of users with admin privileges.

Default: 'admin'.

=head2 name

Site name.

Default: 'MojoMojo'.

=head2 main_formatter

Sepcify which formatter to use as the main text formatter. The two options
so far ares L<Markdown|MojoMojo::Formatter::Markdown> and
L<Textile|MojoMojo::Formatter::Textile>, with Markdown being default thanks to
its versatility. For a comparison between the two, see
L<http://mojomojo.org/documentation/cheatsheet>.

=head2 open_registration

Controld whether user registration is available.

Default: false.

=head2 anonymous_user

If set, users are allowed to post anonymously, and the edit will be
shown with the username set in this option.

=head2 restricted_user

If set to a true value, normal users are restricted to editing pages
inside their user space (the subpages of C</username>). Admin users can edit
the entire site.

Default: false.

=head2 enforce_login

If set, users are forced to login before performing any action.

Default: false.

=head2 check_permission_on_view

If set, permissions to view are checked on view and search.

Default: is false.

=head2 create_allowed, delete_allowed, edit_allowed, view_allowed, attachment_allowed

If true, anonymous users can create, delete, edit, view, and manipulate
attachments, respectively.

Defaults: true.

=head2 entropy

Random string used to generate secret keys for mail verification and such.

=head2 disable_search

If set, will use Google for site search. Currently highly recommended because
KinoSearch consumes 100% CPU (see L<http://github.com/marcusramberg/mojomojo/issues#issue/32>).

=head2 use_captcha

Control CAPTCHA for new user registration and anonymous edits.

Default: false.

=head2 theme

Name of the active theme.

Default: 'default'.

=head2 cache_permission_data

If set, permissions are cached.

Default: true.

=head2 default_lang

Set the default language used for:

=over 4

=item * roles and the 'admin' username when creating the database

=item * whenever no language is set via the UI and one is needed to
display site text and navigation links, configure CAPTCHA, output
language-specific plugin text etc.

=back

Currently supported values are:

=over

=item * "en" - English

=item * "de" - German

=item * "fr" - French

=item * "ja" - Japanese

=item * "no" - Norwegian

=item * "ca" - Catalan

=item * "es" - Spanish

=item * "pl" - Polish

=item * "ru" - Russian

=back

Default: "en"

=cut
